README.md, before:

# FastSNOW
![FastSNOW](http://jfdesigner.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/fastSnow_githubBanner.jpg "FastSNOW")

A Chrome extension designed with speeding up messaging IT with a complaint that affects multiple people at the NCCA.

##Installation
You can use the Chrome Web Store version or use the packaged or un-packaged files found here.

**Using the Chrome Web Store** 

1. Go to the [FastSNOW](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fastsnow/jajjomlhfnfjbmkckiagklcbemblokoc) app page.
2. Click "Add to Chrome". Done!

**For packaged files:**

1. Go to <a href="chrome://extensions">chrome://extensions</a> in your browser by entering it into the address bar.
2. Simply drag and drop the FastSnow.crx file into the browser window and click "Add extension".

**For the unpacked files:**

1. Go to <a href="chrome://extensions">chrome://extensions</a> in your browser by entering it into the address bar.
2. Click "Developer mode" in the top right which allows you to load unpacked extensions.
3. Click "Load unpacked extension..." and locate the FastSnow folder which contains the code.
4. You should now see the snow icon appear in the toolbar of your browser.

##How to use

###Using a link that has been provided
If someone has supplied you a link, simply click it and you will be taken to the correct page and it will automatically fill in all the required info for you.

If going to the page asks you to login, do so and repeat the previous step by clicking the link again.

###Generating your own link
1. Fill in the SNOW page as you would usually. If you don't want people to have your phone number, simply put the Service Desks own extension 65515.

2. Before submitting, click the plugin icon in the toolbar and proceed by clicking the "Generate" button. This will create the new URL and place it into the Generated URL box. To copy the URL, simply press the Copy URL button. You will see a message appear on screen if this was successful.

3. (optional) Click "Shorten Url" to create a short version of the url using the Google Url Shortener and send that link to people.

###How it works
How this works is it stores the html form ID and value within the URL. This is done by using a hash at the end of the URL and using the format of `<formID>=<formValue>&` for each entry that needs to be filled on the webpage.

This process can be used on any site that doesn't already use a hash in the URL. The "Insert URL Values" is for this purpose and can be used on other pages of your choosing. Simply suffix the URL you usually use to access with a # followed by the form ID on the page, an equals and then the value. If you wish to include multiple entries, use & to join these together.

## Contact

If you have problems or questions then please contact me by emailing me at jonflynn@jfdesigner.co.uk.

## Website

Visit my portfolio to see more of my work and interesting programs at http://jfdesigner.co.uk/

License
----

GPL V2

Commit message:

Added code source for hashparams

README.md, after:

# FastSNOW
![FastSNOW](http://jfdesigner.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/fastSnow_githubBanner.jpg "FastSNOW")

A Chrome extension designed with speeding up messaging IT with a complaint that affects multiple people at the NCCA.

##Installation
You can use the Chrome Web Store version or use the packaged or un-packaged files found here.

**Using the Chrome Web Store** 

1. Go to the [FastSNOW](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fastsnow/jajjomlhfnfjbmkckiagklcbemblokoc) app page.
2. Click "Add to Chrome". Done!

**For packaged files:**

1. Go to <a href="chrome://extensions">chrome://extensions</a> in your browser by entering it into the address bar.
2. Simply drag and drop the FastSnow.crx file into the browser window and click "Add extension".

**For the unpacked files:**

1. Go to <a href="chrome://extensions">chrome://extensions</a> in your browser by entering it into the address bar.
2. Click "Developer mode" in the top right which allows you to load unpacked extensions.
3. Click "Load unpacked extension..." and locate the FastSnow folder which contains the code.
4. You should now see the snow icon appear in the toolbar of your browser.

##How to use

###Using a link that has been provided
If someone has supplied you a link, simply click it and you will be taken to the correct page and it will automatically fill in all the required info for you.

If going to the page asks you to login, do so and repeat the previous step by clicking the link again.

###Generating your own link
1. Fill in the SNOW page as you would usually. If you don't want people to have your phone number, simply put the Service Desks own extension 65515.

2. Before submitting, click the plugin icon in the toolbar and proceed by clicking the "Generate" button. This will create the new URL and place it into the Generated URL box. To copy the URL, simply press the Copy URL button. You will see a message appear on screen if this was successful.

3. (optional) Click "Shorten Url" to create a short version of the url using the Google Url Shortener and send that link to people.

##How it works
This extension was originally developed from a piece of code on parsing hash parameters using a url. This can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/JFDesigner/2a8cb800082e648cafe3).

How this works is it stores the html form ID and value within the URL. This is done by using a hash at the end of the URL and using the format of `<formID>=<formValue>&` for each entry that needs to be filled on the webpage.

This process can be used on any site that doesn't already use a hash in the URL. The "Insert URL Values" is for this purpose and can be used on other pages of your choosing. Simply suffix the URL you usually use to access with a # followed by the form ID on the page, an equals and then the value. If you wish to include multiple entries, use & to join these together.

## Contact

If you have problems or questions then please contact me by emailing me at jonflynn@jfdesigner.co.uk.

## Website

Visit my portfolio to see more of my work and interesting programs at http://jfdesigner.co.uk/

License
----

GPL V2
